Create agenda/meeting minutes for 1-28-26 TAC Meeting (#131)
PQCA/TAC: meeting-minutes/2026/2026-01-28-TAC.md

---

## Voting Representative Attendance (_Alphabetical by 1st name_)
### Premier Member Representatives

* [ ] Brian Jarvis, AWS [TAC Chair]
* [ ] Michael Maximilien, IBM
* [ ] Norman Ashley, Cisco (OQS Rep)
* [ ] Sophie Schmieg, Google
* [ ] Yarkin Doroz, NVIDIA

 ### Project Representatives
* [ ] Matthias Kannwischer, TCR
* [ ] Hanno Becker, AWS (PQCP)
* [ ] Andreas Schade, IBM (CBOMkit)

## Non-Voting Representative Attendance

### LF Staff 
* [ ] Christina Harter 
* [ ] Hart Montgomery 
* [ ] Min Yu

### Other Attendees
* [ ] Aditya Koranga, NgKore \[TAC Vice Chair\]
* [ ] *Enter other attendees*

---
# Meeting Agenda
- CH: Cisco <> PQCA Meetup Event - February 3rd - [Register for free](https://linuxfoundation.regfox.com/cisco-pqca-pqc-meetup-event)

> - CH: [Summer Mentorship Program](https://github.com/PQCA/wiki/wiki/PQCA-Mentorship-Program) - Call for Mentors - Issue Template for project proposals will be created in TAC repo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Meeting Agenda
- Welcome to any new members
- Action item follow ups:
  - [Norman] OQS metric
  - [Matthias / Hart] CHERI blog cross-post
  - [Andreas / Katerina / Finn] CBOMkit Pipeline blog post
- [Christina] Cisco <> PQCA Meetup Event - February 3rd - [Register for free](https://linuxfoundation.regfox.com/cisco-pqca-pqc-meetup-event)
- [Christina] [Summer Mentorship Program](https://github.com/PQCA/wiki/wiki/PQCA-Mentorship-Program) - Call for Mentors - Issue Template for project proposals will be created in TAC repo
- Any new business
```

---

## Voting Representative Attendance (_Alphabetical by 1st name_)
### Premier Member Representatives

* [ ] Brian Jarvis, AWS [TAC Chair]
* [ ] Michael Maximilien, IBM
* [ ] Norman Ashley, Cisco (OQS Rep)
* [ ] Sophie Schmieg, Google
* [ ] Yarkin Doroz, NVIDIA

 ### Project Representatives
* [ ] Matthias Kannwischer, TCR
* [ ] Hanno Becker, AWS (PQCP)
* [ ] Andreas Schade, IBM (CBOMkit)

## Non-Voting Representative Attendance

### LF Staff 
* [ ] Christina Harter 
* [ ] Hart Montgomery 
* [ ] Min Yu

### Other Attendees
* [ ] Aditya Koranga, NgKore \[TAC Vice Chair\]
* [ ] *Enter other attendees*

---
# Meeting Agenda
- Welcome to any new members
- Action item follow ups:
  - [Norman] OQS metric
  - [Matthias / Hart] CHERI blog cross-post
  - [Andreas / Katerina / Finn] CBOMkit Pipeline blog post
- [Christina] Cisco <> PQCA Meetup Event - February 3rd - [Register for free](https://linuxfoundation.regfox.com/cisco-pqca-pqc-meetup-event)
- [Christina] [Summer Mentorship Program](https://github.com/PQCA/wiki/wiki/PQCA-Mentorship-Program) - Call for Mentors - Issue Template for project proposals will be created in TAC repo

> - Any new business

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Project status updates: OQS, PQCP, CBOMkit
- Any new business
```
